Fix nits in the change runtime containerd page (#32259)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/change-runtime-containerd.md

content_type: task 
---

This task outlines the steps needed to update your container runtime to containerd from Docker. It

> is applicable for cluster operators running Kubernetes 1.23 or earlier. Also  this covers an

Reviewer: nit: extra space
```suggestion
is applicable for cluster operators running Kubernetes 1.23 or earlier. Also this covers an
```

> is applicable for cluster operators running Kubernetes 1.23 or earlier. Also  this covers an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is applicable for cluster operators running Kubernetes 1.23 or earlier. Also, an
```

> example scenario for migrating from dockershim to containerd and alternative container runtimes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
example scenario covering the migration from dockershim to containerd and alternative container runtimes
```

> can be picked from this [page](/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be viewed [here](/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/).
```
